Improve Tour for release 0.3 (#730)
ElektraInitiative/PermaplanT: doc/tests/manual/protocol.md

- Test Result:
- Notes:

## TC-016 - Map Editor Guided Tour

- Description: Check whether the Guided Tour leaves the Map Editor in its original state.
- Preconditions:
  - User must not have completed the Guided Tour prior.
  - User must be on the map editor screen.
- Test Steps:
  1. Follow the Guided Tour until its end.
  2. Do every step exactly as stated.
- Expected Result:
  - There are no plants on the map.
  - The map date is set to the current date.
  - Placement mode is not active.
- Actual Result:
- Test Result:
- Notes:

## TC-017 - Map Editor Guided Tour

- Description: Guided Tour only shows when not completed or explicitely cancelled.
- Preconditions:
  - User must not have completed the Guided Tour prior.
  - User must be on the map editor screen.
- Test Steps:
  1. Leave the page by entering a different URL or using the browsers navigate back button.
  2. Return to the map editor screen.
  3. Use the cancel button on the Tour step or press ESC.
  4. Reload the page.
- Expected Result:
  - The Guided Tour will show again after returning to the map editor screen.

>   - After the pag reload, the Tour will not be displayed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - After the page reload, the Guided Tour will not be displayed.
```
